---
layout: post
title:  "Project"
date:   2018-03-14 19:30:48 +0000
categories: project
---

#### Business Case
On the receipt of requirements for creating a design of a building layout, the CAD user sets out goals that lead to an iterative drawing. The unknown parameter here is the solutions that the CAD user targets to. To approach the problem of design we measure each autogenerated floor plan in terms of daylight factor, circulation and retention. 

##### Daylight factor
The daylight factor is the solar component received by the bounded area in consideration

##### Circulation
The circulation metric provides the ease with which the circulation can happen within a provided shape of the bounded area.

##### Retention
The retention metric is related to the degree of freedom with which each bounded area is set to.

##### Ranking
The method to obtain these requirements is to rank them from top to bottom and run through the components of a Machine Learning System.

#### Background
In the book on `A Pattern Language`, an in the section `Independent Regions`, the author describes about the object-oriented programming analogy of responsibility of assignment for each independent region to represent the autonomy, economy and self-governing nature of a town. Also, noticed is that the concept of radiant heat within a building is explained as a difference between the ambient temperature and radiant temperature which is advisable to be 2 degrees.

#### Suggested Implementation (Alternatives accepted)

This section lists the various components. I do accept alternatives. These are stacks that I am aware of.

[CaptureGUI**](https://github.com/aswinvk28/captureGUI)
- Java 
- NLP
- XMLRPC

Client View Port
- Ember
- Canvas

Configuration Management
- PHP
- Drupal / PIMCORE

Constraints Director


Interfacing Configuration Status Accounting


Bounded Solutions Interface


ConvertDrawing Server
- Stream
- DXF

ByteStream Provisioner
- C++

Optional Component
- TBD


> ** In development